this is very exciting we have a surprise
guest with us Danny teammate and
probably the most beloved Patriot of all
them we're very very honoured easier
tonight could have gone anywhere but I
got a call late last night he flew all
the way out here from Houston that lady
help please welcome the man who
engineered the greatest comeback in
football history five-time Super Bowl
champion and last night's MVP number 12
Tom Brady
[Applause]
hey Paul thank you it's great out of
here I should ask how are you feeling
right now I feel great I feel like I'm
going to Disneyland all right you know
of the top of the five tunnels you want
and they're all special I'm sure it was
this one the most satisfying after all
that happened this year with the deflate
gate and all that kind of stuff oh it's
great I'm not focused on the past I'm
just I'm happy for my teammates I'm
happy for Boston I'm just mostly happy
to be here on the show
I sneeze out here I see you got your
Jersey back what why are you still in
uniform by the way I just haven't had
time to change um cuz I've been fired up
I've been fired up and yeah I just you
know I kind of don't ever want to take
it off take your helmet off yeah it's my
lucky helmet I'm not gonna take it off
um just so much success here addressed
if you could just fit our helmet off no
I'm gonna believe me I think everybody
wants on
[Applause]
you guys know a nice town
I'm on the Super Bowl and I won your
stupid show you know because you're not
on the couch and the couch isn't even
out here so unless you're on the couch
you're not a guest in the show so you
did not the rule we're all set Bob I
should have an intruder here you didn't
do anything we please get him out okay
buddy this going on so summer take your
stupid helmet with you
your balls are flat
he needs mental help because that's not
normal thanks for watching if you like
that subscribe to our YouTube channel
for all the latest videos and if you
didn't subscribe anyway it's free who
cares